Cameras generate images from ambient white which makes cameras passive sensors.
However, cameras are getting increasingly effective at understanding
night vision and generating data from
the little bit of light they're able to perceive in a dark environment.
One of the chief benefits of camera images is their high resolution.
Something like reading a sign or
a traffic signal is only really possible with a camera image.
No other sensor provides that level of resolution
necessary in order to perceive the environment at that level of detail.
In recent years, neural networks have become
increasingly effective tools for
understanding camera images and making sense of what's in the image.
Some of the disadvantages of camera images are measuring
distance and understanding how fast things are going.
On the other hand,
cameras are very inexpensive and we have
terrific tools in order to understand the images that cameras provide us.
The world is often made in ways that correspond
to the eyes that human beings have in order to sense the environment,
which make cameras a particularly effective sensor
for vehicles that are trying to understand the existing world.